src/markdown-services/educationPlanning.md, before:

---
path: "/services/education-planning"
date: "10/07/19"
title: "Education Planning"
---

###Parents agree you've got to start saving now.###

Investments soon add up. The earlier you can start saving for your kids’ education, the better. 17% of UAE parents already have an education savings plan in place (according to HSBC’s influential 2017 Value of Education report). Join them, by taking a realistic look with your IFA at the costs and savings options involved.

Over half of UAE parents report that they wish they had started saving earlier for their childrens’ education.

RP Financial offers assistance in setting up education savings plans as well as trusts and other legal ways of paying for education efficiently.

***

###RP Financial's precision education planning service###
We are committed to supporting you and yours from cradle to grave. So be reassured: there IS a way to make education fees manageable. Money invested sensibly soon adds up.

Almost 70% of UAE parents currently try to fund their childrens’ education from day-to-day living expenses; allow us to show you with cash-flow modelling how to avoid this situation before it gets too late.

Commit message:

updates copy, adds style changes requested by clients

src/markdown-services/educationPlanning.md, after:

---
path: "/services/education-planning"
date: "10/07/19"
title: "Education Fee Planning"
---
###RP Financial's precision education planning service###
We are committed to supporting you and yours from cradle to grave. So be reassured: there IS a way to make education fees manageable. Money invested sensibly soon adds up.

Almost 70% of UAE parents currently try to fund their childrens’ education from day-to-day living expenses; allow us to show you with cash-flow modelling how to avoid this situation before it gets too late.

***

###Parents agree you've got to start saving now.###
Investments soon add up. The earlier you can start saving for your kids’ education, the better.

All parents would like their children to receive the best possible education, and of course this is no different for expats living abroad. 

The cost of education, whilst varying greatly country to country, can be a tremendous burden on a family’s finances, especially if funded through disposable income. 

But there is another way; a specialist education fee’s plan, set up in advance to help secure the child’s educational future until post University. 


###RP Financial's precision education planning service###
We are committed to supporting you and yours from cradle to grave. So be reassured: there IS a way to make education fees manageable. Money invested sensibly soon adds up.

RP Financial can help in setting up education savings plans as well as trusts and other legal ways of paying for education efficiently.
